Update _index.md (#764)
osohq/oso: new-docs/content/any/_index.md

## What is Oso?

Oso is a batteries-included library for building authorization in your application. 

Oso gives you a mental model and an authorization system – a set of APIs built on top of a declarative policy language called Polar, plus a debugger and REPL – to define who can do what in your application. You can express common concepts from “users can see their own data” and role-based access control, to others like multi-tenancy, organizations and teams, hierarchies and relationships.

Oso lets you offload the thinking of how to design authorization and build features fast, while keeping the flexibility to extend and customize as you see fit.

> Developers can typically write a working Oso policy in <5 minutes, add Oso to an app in <30 minutes, and use Oso to solve real authorization problems in 1 day. To get started, you add the library to your application, create a new Oso instance and load an Oso policy. You can mix and match any of Oso's authorization APIs to implement features like roles with custom policies that you write to suit your application.

Reviewer: 1 day sounds like a while. how about "within a few hours"?

Author: works for me, thanks gabe

> Developers can typically write a working Oso policy in <5 minutes, add Oso to an app in <30 minutes, and use Oso to solve real authorization problems in 1 day. To get started, you add the library to your application, create a new Oso instance and load an Oso policy. You can mix and match any of Oso's authorization APIs to implement features like roles with custom policies that you write to suit your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers can typically write a working Oso policy in <5 minutes, add Oso to an app in <30 minutes, and use Oso to solve real authorization problems within a few hours. To get started, you add the library to your application, create a new Oso instance and load an Oso policy. You can mix and match any of Oso's authorization APIs to implement features like roles with custom policies that you write to suit your application.
```
